Success Criterion	Accessibility Requirement	Role(s)
1.1.1	All images and non-text content must have a text alternative.	Developer, Content Editor
1.2.1	All video-only and audio-only content must have a text transcript, labeled and accessible.	Content Editor
1.2.2	All videos with sound must have closed captioning.	Content Editor
1.2.3	Videos must have transcripts or audio descriptions if necessary information isn’t audible.	Content Editor
1.2.4	Formal live presentations must have closed captions.	Content Editor
1.2.5	Audio descriptions are required, providing both transcripts and audio descriptions is best.	Content Editor
1.3.1	Use proper HTML markup to structure content programmatically accessible.	Developer, Content Editor
1.3.2	Present content in a meaningful sequence for readability.	Developer
1.3.3	Instructions should not rely on a single sensory ability.	Content Editor
1.4.1	Do not use color alone to convey information.	Designer, Content Editor
1.4.2	Provide controls to pause, stop, or mute audio.	Developer
1.4.3	Ensure color contrast ratios meet minimum requirements.	Designer
1.4.4	Text must be able to be resized up to 200% without loss of content or functionality.	Designer
1.4.5	Do not use images of text unless necessary (e.g., logo).	Designer, Content Editor
2.1.1	All functionality of the website must be accessible by keyboard only, without requiring a mouse.	Developer
2.1.2	Keyboard-only users must be able to navigate through the website without getting stuck.	Developer
2.2.1	If there are any time limits on the website, users must have the ability to turn them off, adjust, or extend them.	Developer
2.2.2	If content blinks, scrolls, or moves, users must have the ability to pause, stop, or hide it.	Designer, Developer, Content Editor
2.3.1	Web pages do not contain anything that flashes more than three times in any one second period.	Designer, Content Editor
2.4.1	A “Skip to Content” or similar link allows users to bypass blocks of content that are repeated on multiple pages.	Developer, Designer
2.4.2	Each page of a website needs to have a unique and descriptive title.	Content Editor
2.4.3	Users must be able to navigate through the website in a logical order that preserves meaning.	Developer
2.4.4	The purpose of each link should be clear from its anchor text.	Content Editor
2.4.5	There must be multiple ways to find different pages and content on a website.	Designer
2.4.6	Headings and labels must be clear and descriptive.	Content Editor
2.4.7	Any user interface control that receives focus from a keyboard user should have a visible focus indicator.	Designer
3.1.1	Set the language of your website programmatically to aid user agents and assistive technologies.	Developer
3.1.2	Indicate any language changes within the content or for the entire page.	Content Editor
3.2.1	No context changes should occur merely because an item receives focus.	Developer, Designer
3.2.2	User interface changes should not automatically occur due to user input without a warning.	Developer
3.2.3	Keep navigation links and layout consistent throughout all pages of the website.	Designer
3.2.4	Components that have the same function within a website are consistently identified.	Developer, Designer
3.3.1	Make any form errors easy to identify, understand, and correct.	Developer, Designer
3.3.2	Provide clear visual and programmatic labels or instructions for user input fields.	Developer
3.3.3	If an input error is automatically detected, then suggestions for correcting the error should be provided.	Developer
3.3.4	For pages that create legal commitments or financial transactions, ensure that submissions are reversible, errors can be corrected, and confirmation is available before submission.	Developer
4.1.1	Ensure HTML code is clean and free of errors. All HTML elements must be properly nested and closed.	Developer
4.1.2	For all user interface components, ensure the name, role, state, and value can be programmatically determined.	Developer
1.3.4	Your website does not lock on portrait or landscape mode, unless necessary.	Developer
1.3.5	The purpose of an input element can be determined so browsers and assistive technology can help guide and facilitate inputting information (e.g., provide autocomplete option).	Developer
1.4.10	Ensure someone can zoom in on your website without requiring scrolling or causing poor experience.	Designer
1.4.11	All meaningful non-text content (e.g., buttons, form fields, icons) on your website should have a minimum 3:1 color contrast ratio to ensure they stand out.	Designer
1.4.12	Make sure your text spacing can be adjusted without causing a poor experience.	Designer
1.4.13	Make it so any additional content (e.g., pop-ups, submenus) can be dismissed or remain visible if the user desires.	Designer, Developer
2.1.4	If you have a keyboard shortcut, make sure a user can either 1) turn it off, 2) there’s a way to add another key in the shortcut, and/or 3) have the shortcut only active while focusing on a specific component.	Developer
2.5.1	Provide simple alternatives (e.g., single tap vs. swipe) to potentially complex finger motions on touch screens.	Developer
2.5.2	Provide a way to cancel the trigger action when you activate a function using a mouse or press/touch with your finger.	Developer
2.5.3	Make sure any programmatic labels you make are aligned with the corresponding visual text.	Developer
2.5.4	For any functions that are activated by motion, provide a simpler, alternative means of action. Also, give users the option to turn off motion activation.	Developer
4.1.3	When a status message appears, it should be coded with role or properties so that people using assistive technologies (e.g., screen readers) are alerted without losing focus.
2.4.11	When an element receives focus, ensure it is not completely hidden or blocked by other content, such as sticky headers or footers.	Developer, Designer
2.5.7	For functions requiring a dragging movement, provide an alternative using a single point (click or touch) to accomplish the task.	Developer
2.5.8	Ensure the target size for interactive elements is at least 24 by 24 CSS pixels, with specified exceptions.	Designer
3.2.6	Help options such as support links, contact information, or chatbots should remain consistent and predictable on multiple pages.	Content Editor, Designer
3.3.7	Auto-populate or make selectable previously entered information within the same session unless re-entry is essential.	Developer
3.3.8	Ensure users can authenticate without solely relying on memory or cognitive tests, offering alternative methods or assistance.	Developer